Do you remember who I am?
Mom
Just remember, just remember
You don't tell your mother when you're sick
You know it all
Don't worry.
Mom will do anything to cure you
Oh, do you have a pen and paper?
I want to write something
Yes. Yes.
Here you go.
You rest first and then wash.
Mom, go to the doctor's?
Now.
Buy you or wait more
Maybe it's giving a big couple.
Amnesia cannot be treated surgically
The ingredients of the special medicine are only 1%
I have no choice.
How could this be?
Ah Ze, don't scare Auntie Wings
He's so young.
Auntie has lost her lips once
I can't lose my wings again
Mom, don't blame Xu Ze
He has tried his best
You don't have to be sad for me
And
Sign late for me
Be sure to remember
Hand it over to Han Chuan
Here it is.
What!
his
Freedom
I'm so tired now.
I want to sleep for a while
Friend, don't sleep
Get up and talk to dad, okay?
bosom friend
know